Glossary: Add Zero-knowledge proof, STARK and SNARK (#5208)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/glossary/index.md

  Introduction to Smart Contracts
</DocLink>

### SNARK {#snark}

> Succinct Non-interactive ARgument of Knowledge a type of a [zero-knowledge proof](#zk-proof).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Short for "succinct non-interactive argument of knowledge", a SNARK is a type of [zero-knowledge proof](#zk-proof).
```

<DocLink to="/developers/docs/scaling/layer-2-rollups/#zk-rollups">

>   Zero-knowledge Rollups

Reviewer: Unsure if we want this link in every kind-of related occurrence here. Anyone have any thoughts?

```suggestion
  Zero-knowledge rollups
```

  Stake your ETH to become an Ethereum validator
</DocLink>

### STARK {#stark}

> Scalable Transparent ARgument of Knowledge a type of a [zero-knowledge proof](#zk-proof).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Short for "scalable transparent argument of knowledge", a STARK is a type of [zero-knowledge proof](#zk-proof).
```

<DocLink to="/developers/docs/scaling/layer-2-rollups/#zk-rollups">

>   Zero-knowledge Rollups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Zero-knowledge rollups
```

A special Ethereum address, composed entirely of zeros, that is specified as the destination address of a [contract creation transaction](#contract-creation-transaction).

### Zero-knowledge proof {#zk-proof}

> Zero-knowledge proof is a cryptographic method that allows an individual to prove that a statement is true without conveying any additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A zero-knowledge proof is a cryptographic method that allows an individual to prove that a statement is true without conveying any additional information.
```

> Zero-knowledge proof is a cryptographic method by which one party (the prover) can prove to another party (the verifier) that a given statement is true while the prover avoids conveying any additional information.

Reviewer: I'd be in favour of using simpler language here.

Suggesting: 

1. I don't think we need to specify person A proves to person B. I believe the number of verifiers in a zkp could be arbitrary and we can therefore generalise this statement. (correct me if I'm wrong here)
2. Remove formal language for more colloquial language

```suggestion
Zero-knowledge proof is a cryptographic method that allows an individual to prove that a statement is true without conveying any additional information.
```

Author: You are right. Maybe even change "individual" for "entity". But it is understandable as proposed.

<DocLink to="/developers/docs/scaling/layer-2-rollups/#zk-rollups">

>   Zero-knowledge Rollups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Zero-knowledge rollups
```
